Add docs on cross-cluster listing endpoints (#18987)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/pki.mdx

}
```

### List Revocation Requests

This endpoint returns a list of serial numbers that have been requested to
be revoked on any cluster, along with information about the request's state
and which cluster it originated on.

| Method | Path                      |
| :----- | :------------------------ |
| `LIST` | `/certs/revocation-queue` |

#### Sample Request

```shell-session
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    --request LIST \
    http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/pki/certs/revocation-queue
```

#### Sample Response

```json
{
  "data": {
    "key_info": {
      "3d:80:91:c3:c2:34:3b:81:69:3d:92:a3:80:69:db:53:04:26:ab:b4": {
        "requesting_cluster": "48327b28-8325-6d79-6a0b-4cbaa6f27b4a"
      }
    },
    "keys": [
      "3d:80:91:c3:c2:34:3b:81:69:3d:92:a3:80:69:db:53:04:26:ab:b4"
    ]
  }
}
```

### List Cross-Cluster Revocations

This endpoint returns a list of serial numbers that have been revoked on any

> cluster, along with a cluster that has a copy of that revoked certificate.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
cluster, along with the clusters that have a copy of that revoked certificate.
```

Author: I thought we decided that this API would only return a single cluster, not all clusters.

Reviewer: That was the cross-cluster queue list, the revocation one returns [them all](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/blob/e7636b47c6fd5261ab2f08d07971c23a0a6a937e/builtin/logical/pki/path_revoke.go#L622-L658).

Author: Ah, I see.
